The palace wants you to be the eyes and ears of the palace.
When the bow eradicates the evil of the noble Mi
The slaves obey orders.
Give it to the princess.
To test my loyalty.
Master, you still don't trust Miao Tzu.
There are also people in this harem who speak the truth.
If you are a loyal customer,
Not a day.
Your sister will be in trouble.
If the Princess is safe.
Give her this.
You said you made that bitch's dress.
Yes.
No, that guy's smart.
How did you get out of the cave?
Back to the phoenix master bleeding offend the queen
Lady Yao is already a thorn in the emperor's eye.
If someone dies again.
Very clever.
You will join Choi s mother in taking a shower and changing clothes.
Thank you, Master.
Who is Shu?
You know my mother.
I just saw you look familiar.
You really are my daughter.
Where is she?
She.
My mother was killed in the palace.
The child who killed your mother was your sister.
How do you know?
I know that.
My daughter died because of that witch.
Take it.
What is this?
Sulfur Powder
Just put this powder
Spill into this bath, that concubine will surely die of festering skin.
Then you will take revenge.
Thank you, Mom.
The princess is no good.
So you want to kill your wife.
What?
Bitch.